Update the cache documentation with changes from the new cache. (#6924)
apollographql/apollo-android: docs/source/caching/normalized-cache.mdx

Apollo Kotlin's SQLite cache uses [SQLDelight](https://github.com/cashapp/sqldelight) to store data persistently. You can use it to persist data across app restarts, or if your cached data becomes too large to fit in memory.

> To enable SQLite cache support, add the `normalized-cache-sqlite` dependency to your project's `build.gradle` file:

Author: ```suggestion
To use the SQLite cache, add the `normalized-cache-sqlite` dependency to your project's `build.gradle` file:
```

```kotlin title="build.gradle.kts"
dependencies {
  implementation("com.apollographql.cache:normalized-cache-sqlite:$cacheVersion")
}
```

> Configure the Apollo compiler plugin, same as for the `MemoryCache`.

Author: ```suggestion
Configure the Apollo compiler plugin, as you would for the `MemoryCache`.
```

> Configure the Apollo compiler plugin, as you would for the `MemoryCache`.

Author: ```suggestion
Configure the Apollo compiler plugin as you would for the `MemoryCache`.
```
